feat: add `blas/ext/base/ndarray/gunitspace` (#11726)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/ndarray/gunitspace/README.md

distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# gunitspace

> Fill a one-dimensional ndarray with linearly spaced numeric elements which increment by `1` starting from a specified value.

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var gunitspace = require( '@stdlib/blas/ext/base/ndarray/gunitspace' );
```

#### gunitspace( arrays )

Fills a one-dimensional ndarray with linearly spaced numeric elements which increment by `1` starting from a specified value.

```javascript
var vector = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/vector/ctor' );
var scalar2ndarray = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/from-scalar' );

var x = vector( [ 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0 ], 'generic' );
// returns <ndarray>[ 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0 ]

var start = scalar2ndarray( 3.0, {
    'dtype': 'generic'
});

var out = gunitspace( [ x, start ] );
// returns <ndarray>[ 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 6.0 ]
```

The function has the following parameters:

> -   **arrays**: array-like object containing a one-dimensional input ndarray and a zero-dimensional ndarray containing a starting value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **arrays**: array-like object containing the following ndarrays:

    -   a one-dimensional input ndarray.
    -   a zero-dimensional ndarray containing a starting value.
```
